README.md, before:

# FitLit

## Abstract
This web application was focused on creating a dashboard with easy to read information about users daily habits such as sleep, hydration, and activity. Users are able to see the latest activity data, goals, and milestones.

## Setup
Fork and clone this [repo](https://github.com/tdmburr/fitlit).
In your forked GitHub repository, click the code drop-down menu and copy the SSH key.
Open the terminal on your machine and navigate to the containing directory you’d like - to clone the repository folder and its contents to. On the command line, run “git clone” + the SSH key you copied earlier. A new folder will be created containing a local copy of the repository linked to the forked repository you created - enter the new directory.

Install the library dependencies:

Run: ```npm install```
Next: ```npm start``` in the terminal to see the HTML page

```Control + C``` is the command to stop running the local server

## Preview of App
![Screenshot 2023-04-03 at 2 59 43 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/122226236/229615402-711f3709-4fe8-40cc-92f3-122f1394c7e9.png)

## Reflections: 
We completed this project as part of our first two-part group project, where we will be working together over an extended amount of time. We are currently in week two of Module two for the Turing School of Software and Design Front End Web Development program, a four module, seven month focused on preparing students for a career as web developers working with Javascript, HTML, CSS, and the React framework. This project was completed over the course of seven days in line with the project specification and rubric detailed [here](https://frontend.turing.edu/projects/module-2/fitlit-part-one-agile.html). This project allowed us to continue growing our cooperative learning skills, teammwork, communication, and our software developer skills. 

## Technologies Used:
Javascript | Mocha & Chai | API | CSS | HTML

## Countributors:
Winston Calhoun [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/winston-calhoun-9841bb256/) || [github](https://github.com/WinstonCalhoun)  
Devynne Marshall ([LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/devynnemarshall/) || [github](https://github.com/Devynnem))  
Trey Marshall ([LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/trey-marshall-32ab01260/) || [github](https://github.com/tdmburr))  
Sarah Moore [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sarah-moore-a35196127/) || [github](https://github.com/sarahcatherine311)  
Mattheus Saqueli [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mattheus-saqueli-409813250/) || [github](https://github.com/mattsaqueli)  

## Wins/Challenges:
Challenges: 
- One of the major challenges we faced was with setting up our classes to take in different data sets.

Wins: 
 - Working collaboratively within a group five developers.
 - Effectively Fetching data from an API.
 - Effective use of iterators.

Commit message:

refactor: Refactor our README to include the new steps for part 2.

README.md, after:

# FitLit

## Abstract
This web application was focused on creating a dashboard with easy to read information about users daily habits such as sleep, hydration, and activity. Users are able to see the latest activity data, goals, and milestones. We worked with a local server and made network requests to API endpoints to retrieve and manipulate data. The user is able to post both new hydration and add daily activity notes to this web application. 

## Setup
Fork and clone this [repo](https://github.com/tdmburr/fitlit) and then in a different folder, fork and clone this [local server repo](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/fitlit-api).

Do the following steps for both repos. Both repos need to be running in order for the app to work correctly.

In your forked GitHub repository, click the code drop-down menu and copy the SSH key. 
Open the terminal on your machine and navigate to the containing directory you’d like - to clone the repository folder and its contents to. On the command line, run “git clone” + the SSH key you copied earlier. A new folder will be created containing a local copy of the repository linked to the forked repository you created - enter the new directory.

Install the library dependencies:

Run: ```npm install```
Next: ```npm start``` in the terminal to see the HTML page

```Control + C``` is the command to stop running the local server

## Preview of App

![preview-of-app](dist/assets/FitLit-2.gif) 

## Reflections: 
We completed this project as part of our first two-part group project, where we worked together over an extended amount of time. We are currently in week five of Module two for the Turing School of Software and Design Front End Web Development program, a four module, seven month focused on preparing students for a career as web developers working with Javascript, HTML, CSS, and the React framework. This project was completed over the course of 2 seven day stretches in line with the project specification and rubric detailed in [part 1](https://frontend.turing.edu/projects/module-2/fitlit-part-one-agile.html) and [part 2](https://frontend.turing.edu/projects/module-2/fitlit-part-two-agile.html). This project allowed us to continue growing our cooperative learning skills, teammwork, communication, and our software developer skills. 

## Technologies Used:
Javascript | Mocha & Chai | API | CSS | HTML

## Countributors:
Winston Calhoun [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/winston-calhoun-9841bb256/) || [github](https://github.com/WinstonCalhoun)  
Devynne Marshall ([LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/devynnemarshall/) || [github](https://github.com/Devynnem))  
Trey Marshall ([LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/trey-marshall-32ab01260/) || [github](https://github.com/tdmburr))  
Sarah Moore [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sarah-moore-a35196127/) || [github](https://github.com/sarahcatherine311)  
Mattheus Saqueli [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mattheus-saqueli-409813250/) || [github](https://github.com/mattsaqueli)  

## Wins/Challenges:
Challenges: 
- One of the major challenges we faced was with setting up our classes to take in different data sets.
- During part two, we found when and where to use the Local Storage to keep track of our user’s data and how to display that user’s information from local storage on the DOM challenging

Wins: 
 - Working collaboratively within a group five developers.
 - Effectively Fetching data from an API.
 - Effective use of iterators. 
 - Us working together to figure out how to properly utilize the local storage and display the information
